Well, I've taken the code written by the guys at ProjectWhite (http://whitemod.com/) and modified it a bit to work with UDK. I've removed a bunch of bugs, added a constraint to camera rotation while in cover, fixed some slightly broken functionality, added a couple of comments, and fixed typos 

What works:
1. Press "q" to enter cover when near walls or meshes.
2. The pawn will automatically rotate to press his back to the object that the player is taking cover behind
3. The pawn will automatically crouch when taking cover behind objects that are not high enough to hide behind when standing straight
4. Camera rotation is restricted when in cover
5. The pawn automatically rotates back to normal when peeking around corners to allow players to shoot around them

What needs to be done:
1. Blind firing, like in Gears of War. I will implement this a bit later, will update this thread when I do.
2. Vaulting over low obstacles. Not sure if I can do this, I'm convinced that this will need to be handled via Root Motion.
3. Animations. I suck at modelling and animating models, so that's up to riggers and animators. Animations have to be made to play while entering cover, exiting cover, peeking around corners. The scripts' original authors have already added support for peeking around corners, but for it to work a bone named SpineControl has to be added to the pawn's SkeletalMesh, among other things.

The code is kinda huge, so I'm not going to paste it here. I've uploaded it to my site, download link is at the bottom of this post. The file contains the code inside Classes, and all required config files inside Config.

The code's also too big to explain here, so in addition to the original authors' excellent comments, I've added a few comments of my own. The code is well-commented, I don't think anyone with a reasonable amount of experience will have any trouble modifying it to work for their game.

There's also some code in there that's unrelated to the cover system, like tilting the camera while strafing and a really cool "lazy" camera for sprinting. I haven't removed it because
a) It doesn't affect the cover system
b) You can remove it if you don't want it
c) It's really, really cool so it might be helpful to others

Kudos to the scripts' original authors, I've been working on this for four hours and I still haven't quite figured out how all of it fits in together. About 90% of the code in here is their's, all I've done is port it to the UDK, add a few things here and there, and fix some stuff that was broken.

Note that the original authors have released the code under a Creative Commons License, and I've done the same. While I don't mind what anyone does with my code, remember that if you violate the terms of the license, the authors will have every right to sue you 

